What does Sect Master Su mean by this?
It means nothing
Literally
Sect Master Su is determined to destroy the marriage
Back then, it was my father who went to Xuanji Mountain
Nominally, it is to break the evil for my Su family
But who knows if this evil spirit really exists?
Or is it your Xuanji Mountain?
In order to deceive
The words of our three families
Ok you Su Shen
Just don't recognize this marriage
And so bloody
No kindness
Grace, look at this Congress of Nations in front of you
Look at my Su family's current call
Baiying's strength
Your so-called kindness is not worth mentioning at all
I will choose the best among the beginnings of nations
He is not qualified at all
Exactly.
Li Ying, a peerless married woman like Miss Su
Marry us on top of a gold tower
At first, you helped the Su family with a pair of dog eyes
That's your married couple.
If you have nothing to say, get out of here
Delayed the scheduled convening of the Congress of Nations
You can't afford this responsibility
Anyone can be missing from today's Assembly of Nations
Only without me Luo Zhan can't do it
What are you?
Want to live well
Keep your head down
Bend your waist
Kneel down with your legs and be a man, Sect Master Su
If I'm right
Your Su family has a priceless treasure
But this thing is no longer in your Su family now
You've never seen, you've never heard of.
And you don't know when it's going to show up.
Right?
This is a rural adult
Tell me.
How do you know that?